on Russian railways started
delivery of the newest electric locomotives ip20
it is planned that until the end of 2013
will get 36 locomotives part of them
will transport passengers on the route
Moscow Sochi including during
Winter Olympics
6 locomotives are already being run on
Moscow Railway Depot Moscow
Ryazan sorting first
The results of the work learned Dina Vlaskina
alexander keg machinist works 12
years experience decent on his not enough
for work on the new locomotive
Generations Alexander one of the first
passed training at the factory
in Novocherkassk
now he is helping other locomotives
teams to master ip20
but Cherkassy studies we studied schemes there
electric locomotive
accordingly how to manage it well in
while running it shows itself while
very good this is the first lecturers with
there is also a separate toilet
video camera microwave
automatic blinds and even heating
the seats
all this is better for me only at first
look but they create a comfortable
working environment for locomotive crews in
plans means and direction thrust and
leadership rzh gradual transition
does train driving by machinists
wave to face well, just like you are now
see metro and this locomotive
you wear all the conditions created especially in
Perspective means to organize work
or driving trains will be correct
say one face like this new
electric locomotive solves the question rational
work locomotive crews
this is only part of the economic benefits
its main feature is work as
alternating
so on dc it will allow not
change locomotive on one route
which will reduce the time of parking us such
stations almost five times the speed
Delivery increases besides if
we used to carry train data in two
let's say a plot of some drove through
two locomotives used labor 2
locomotive brigades
it is natural now it will all be
make 1 locomotive
say novices lucky here and for ip20 in
the depot created all the conditions
special power supply
infrastructure for refueling locomotives
sand and plot ac in 27
kilovolts for its technical condition
are being watched by depot staff and
manufacturing companies monitor everything
remarks remarks in operative
order are sent to but cherkassky
plant to next
locomotive came already eliminated by them
remarks at the factory when its already
build from voltage drops to hang
software systems for now
this is the main snag
but experts say the costs are
maintenance of this
electric locomotive will be less than others on
maintenance he will
go every 15,000 kilometers
long and 20 are technical
run-in gave it send to member
Moscow, Saint Petersburg
there will be speed tests because
he is primarily a high-speed electric train
and is capable of speeds up to two hundred
kilometers per hour it is waiting for routes from
moscow to adler minsk helsinki and in
other cities